Add ts suport (#11)
graphql-community/graphql-directive-auth: README.md

# Usage

We are able to use directives in two different way:

## Default

> To use default directive behavior, you need to set `APP_SECRET` environment variable, and that's all.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the default directive behaviour, you need to set `APP_SECRET` environment variable, and that's all.
```

If you need custom Authentication you can pass your authenticated function to the main `AuthDirective` functions.

Authentication function signature:

```js
context => {
  // your logic here

  // you should return an object
  // this object will be passed inside your resolver
  // it is available inside context via auth property
  return {
    user: {
      id: 'your_user_id',
    },
  };
};
```

usage:

```js
import AuthDirectives from 'graphql-directive-auth';
// or
const AuthDirectives = require('graphql-directive-auth');

const customAuth = AuthDirectives(your_custom_funs);

const schema = makeExecutableSchema({
  typeDefs,
  resolvers,
  schemaDirectives: {
    // to use @hasRole and @isAuthenticated directives
    ...customAuth,
    // custom name for @isAuthenticated
    auth: customAuth().isAuthenticated,
    // custom name for @hasRole
    role: customAuth().hasRole,
  },
```

resolver:

```js
export default {
  Query: {
    me() (root, args, ctx){
      const userId = ctx.auth.user.id; // your_user_id
    },
  },
};
```

## Custom check role function

The same as authenticate function you can add your own logic to checking roles.

> ### how to creat own function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How to create your own function
```
